[KDP-6088] - add support for Jexl expressions in response headers (#284)
dotwebstack/dotwebstack-framework: service/openapi/README.md

The response of brewery contains the combined set of required properties of both schema's defined under the `allOf` property. 
Currently `anyOf` and `oneOf` are not supported.  

# 1.1.10 Response headers

> It is possible to return response headers in a DotWebStack response. This can be configured similar to response properties: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to return response headers in a DotWebStack response. Their configuration is similar to response properties: 
```

```graphql
  /breweries:
    get:
      x-dws-query: breweries
      responses:
        200:
          ...
          headers:
            X-Pagination-Page:
              schema:
                type: string
                x-dws-expr: '`args.pageSize`'
```
This configuration adds a header to the response called X-Pagination-Page. It is possible to set a value for this header 

> by using the x-dws-expr. This works the same way as for the response properties. 

Reviewer: `This configuration adds the `X-Pagination-Page` header to the response. Its value is set using an `x-dws-expr`, similar to response properties. `

Author: done
